Weapons and Combat -- there are a plethora of enemies haunting this fetid IKEA, and you must defeat at least
a few to escape. The player is unfortunately not skilled in hand-to-hand combat, and must find items
that will prove useful in defeating enemies. Weapons may appear unassuming at first, but using the "equip"
command followed by specifying an item in the player's inventory will allow you to equip these special items.
Weapons have damage, hit chance, and crit chance stats. Enemies also have their own damage and accuracy
stats, as long as health being consistent between saves, rewards for the player defeating them, and
passively healing when the player isn't actively in combat, discouraging cheesing the fights by entering,
getting a hit in, and fleeing to recuperate.

You can test Weapons on their own by grabbing the meatball in the Food Court (the starting room) and going
to the Lighting Section (n,e from start) and grabbing the lamp item. You can see before taking the lamp
that it displays a stat line. entering "equip lamp" will print a message letting you know you have succeeded.
Alternatively, entering "equip meatball" will give a negative response. You can check your equipped weapon
at any time by checking your inventory. To test combat, since you already have a weapon equipped, you can go
east twice to the chairs and sofas section of the store to find the throwPillowGhost. After dodging a few
thrown pillows and using your improvised weapon, you will successfully send the ghost packing back to
wherever it came from. After that taste of combat, you can head over to the Kitchen Displays and duel
the the pottedGhoul in the same manner. The toiletMimic and deskChair will similarly fall when you come
across them, provided you equipped the barStool that you bought from the shop (more on that later...)
You will soon make it to the giant, monstrous furnitureGolem, and if you followed the walkthrough,
you will find that the injuries you sustained and the damage this monster does is too great, and you will
need to use the "flee" command to escape the golem before it defeats you, but you will manage to get
a good whack in with your bar stool. Running back to the Kitchen (s,s,s,u) you can buy the proteinBar and
will be able to use it to fully heal yourself in the fight. As you charge back into the fight with the
golem, you attack the furnitureGolem twice and deal 45 damage. That, on top with your previous attack with
the barStool, should've defeated the golem, since it only has 55 hp, but because you fled, the golem was 
able to heal itself back to full health. However, the knife will only need one more slash at the golem to
bring it down, clearing the way and providing a chance to escape.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Shops -- there are two other patrons scattered throughout the IKEA that are hiding from the monsters, and
they've got a couple items that you can use to help you on your journey. Dungeon creators can choose what
items are available at shops and can set their price. Enemies can also drop money if there are shops in the
dungeon. Shop availability is dependent on what room you're in, and different rooms can have different shop
inventories. The player can also buy and sell items, but this is only recommended if you're not interested 
in getting that item back, as you can only sell an item for half the price you bought it for. Some items are
deemed key and necessary for progression, and will not be able to be sold. The player can also try to haggle
shopkeepers in order to get them to lower their prices, but some shops will not be interested in cutting you
any slack. Shops are also unavailable if there are enemies present, as the shopkeeper will be hiding from
the monsters until you defeat them.

the man hiding under the Kitchen counter has a proteinBar, but you will find you don't have enough Swedish
Krona to afford it. You have to defeat some monsters to get the money required. You can check how much money
you have at any time by checking your inventory. You'll need to defeat some enemies to acquire the
necessary cash. After defeating the first two enemies, you'll have enough money to go to the Chairs and Sofas
section and buy yourself a more powerful weapon, the barStool. You can also sell the lamp and the fryingPan
for some extra cash, as you won't be needing these weaker weapons anymore. After grabbing the kitchenKnife
and fleeing the golem, you may be tempted to sell it, as you may have grown attached to the barStool, but
it's the only weapon (probably) capable of defeating the golem, so your attempt to sell it will be blocked.
Additionally, after defeating the golem, you can return to the Chairs and Sofas section to reward yourself
with a sweet treat. However, the person hiding here is demanding entirely too much for his chocolate bar,
so you can use the haggle command to get him to consider a more reasonable price.
